* Assumptions
** [A.HA.failures]

Motr doesn't treat failures and relies on HA.

** [A.RPC.Timeout]
Timeout is not a failure

** [A.DIX.permanent.failures]

DIX supports not more that K+1 permanent failures. In cases when
previous failures are repaired and new occurs, the previous one is
treated as permanent.

** [A.DIX.no-consistency-handling-after-any-fail]

DIX request processing logic itself does not handle, process or
maintain any equipment related failures seen by it like CAS service or
storage device state transitions over ONLINE <-> TRANSIENT <-> FAILED
state chain. DIX is just interpreting these state transitions and
according to this information returns corresponding error codes to the
user of DIX.

** [A.DIX.cas_req.contain.txr]

Every time CAS request is sent by DIX, DIX has to include DTM0 TXR
record into it related to DTM0 transaction.

** [A.DIX.cas_req.dtm0.message.assymetry]

During normal DIX operation mode in cases without any permanent or
transient failures, DTM0 EXECUTE and PERSISTENT messages have to be
delivered to the DIX client inside cas_req_reply without any
additional network messages. For failure cases they delivered as a
separate network messages.

** [A.DIX.no-spares]

We don't use spares in the first approach.

** [A.DIX.k+1.copies]

In the case of any CAS service failure, after it’s registered in DIX
request processing logic, DIX has to follow the rule that it has sent
K+1 replicas onto corresponding CAS/DTM services in an applicable
format (generic cas requests, dtm0 requests to write log, etc.) if
this is possible. In any other case treated as DIX request error.

** [A.DIX.dtm0-role]

In the case of transient failure of any equipment related to current
DIX request processing after DIX interpreted such a failure as a CAS
service state change, all maintenance of persistency consistency is
performed by DTM0.

** [A.DIX.drepreb-role]

In case of permanent failure of any equipment related to current DIX
request processing after DIX registered such a failure as a CAS
service state change, all maintenance of persistency consistency on
newly arrived storage devices or services is performed by DIX direct
rebalance.

** [A.DIX.drepreb-dix-coexist]

During DIX direct rebalance of one of storage devices, normal DIX
operations have to be performed as usual. This has to be achieved by
the use of combination of “write flag” and “tombstones” therefore, no
specific DIX request processing phases for DEL and PUT operations are
not needed.

** [A.DIX.dtm0.only-one]

Only one DIX operation execution is supported by DTM0 transaction.

** [A.RPC.magic-link]

RPC supports magic link semantics.

** [A.do not process READ/GET requests during recovery]
